Slight tweaks to SR2024 Teams confirmation (#151)
srobo/team-emails: SR2024/2023-09-23-place-confirmation.md

You're in! We're happy to confirm you've got a place at Student Robotics 2024!

As the new school year starts, so does Student Robotics. The year starts with a
virtual "[Kickstart][kickstart]" event which gives competitors and team supervisors an
introduction to this year's competition and overview of how to build and
engineer their robot.

> To receive your kit we need a few things from you:

Reviewer: This is a bit clearer, removing the deadline sentence further down.
```suggestion
So that we can ship you your robotics kit, for you to use during Kickstart and the competition, we need a few things from you. In order for the kit to arrive by Kickstart please complete the following by 1st October:
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I've built on this in https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/153/commits/06eb11500401958bef479d8b4fc8fd468359e5c0

So that your kit arrives in time for Kickstart please ensure we have the
necessary details by 1st October.

This year **Kickstart is fully virtual**. We strongly encourage teams to meet up
to watch the presentations, get to know each other and start working together on
the kit. We will be shipping kits out to teams ahead of the event, so
_please ensure we have the correct shipping address_.

On the day we will be livestreaming an introduction to the competition, the game
and the kits. We will also be providing a set of tasks which will familiarise
competitors with the kit, which the teams can complete afterwards. There will be
mentors around in Discord throughout the day to support teams working through

> these tasks.

Reviewer: If we keep the virtual line but wapt the rest of that paragraph with the next one, it flows better.

> This year **Kickstart is fully virtual**. We strongly encourage teams to meet up
> to watch the presentations, get to know each other and start working together on
> the kit. We will be shipping kits out to teams ahead of the event, so
> _please ensure we have the correct shipping address_.
> 
> On the day we will be livestreaming an introduction to the competition, the game
> and the kits. We will also be providing a set of tasks which will familiarise
> competitors with the kit, which the teams can complete afterwards. There will be
> mentors around in Discord throughout the day to support teams working through
> these tasks.

Reviewer: If we keep the virtual line but wapt the rest of that paragraph with the next one, it flows better
```suggestion
This year **Kickstart is fully virtual**. 
On the day we will be livestreaming an introduction to the competition, the game 
and the kits. We will also be providing a set of tasks which will familiarise
competitors with the kit, which the teams can complete afterwards. There will be
mentors around in Discord throughout the day to support teams working through
these tasks.

We strongly encourage teams to meet up
to watch the presentations, get to know each other and start working together on
the kit. We will be shipping kits out to teams ahead of the event, so
_please ensure we have the correct shipping address_.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this way around works better now the rest of the ordering is changed. https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/153/commits/5309dd8110dd26a0f3119d40cc860fb7879878ff applies this.
